hello my name is nirjhar mishra and i am data analyst at accenture.

our today's agenda is to go through the project recap,undertand the problem, to know about the member of analytics team who worked on project, undersstand the process and uncover the data driven insights and trends,

so as we know that our client is social buzz which is a rapidly growing social media and content creation company.

social buzz is a small company but they have scaled quicker than anticipated and need the help of a third party firm to oversee their scaling process efectively . 

 Social Buzz has reached over 500 million active users each month.
Every day over 100,000 pieces of content, ranging from text,images and videos

company need assistance to solve their problem of managing the data effectively, preparing for an ipo, and improve their overall data practices.
for which they had provided us with some datasets to solve these problems.

the members of analytics team who worked on project are andrew who is a chief technical architect,marcus as senior priciple and myself as a data analyst.

as a data analyst the key steps i took for whole process are :
understanding,cleaning,modelling,analyse and uncover insights.

first we had to understand the knowledge of data we are working with.

next step was data cleaning . we had to detect and correct errors and inconsistencies in data sets. in data modelling we create a data model which is a graphical representation of dataset.

next we analysed the data with goal of discovering useful information , identifing meaningful patterns, trends, and relationships in data and drawing conclusions that can help solve the problems.

there are some useful insights we gained from this process applied on provided data sets .
there are total 16 unique categories. top 5 most popular categories are animal,science, healthy eating, technoly and food.animal is most popular category with total 1897 reactions.
january is the month with most number of posts in a year.

in sumary i can recommend that our client social buzz can consider these data driven insights to attract more audience and to boost user engagement.

thank you for your attention
u can ask questions if u have any ...

